smith wiggle straight groaning I'm tear
right now in London Christmas time of
year and now people around and tear
looking for my Bob in the sky I'm in the
sky no queria when I was like young
black my nickname is that twist fun to
like everyone in the hood calls me at
Christmas estar aquí then sometimes
people say twist some people say twist
be like they just lack might they say my
name a lot and then at one stage someone
like a minus it was it was at your
chisel man swizzle from twister Nick
they come from Swiss star then look then
it just stuck and then obviously there
was a fat man cool twist but I some tell
you anyway and the wrap off so it made
more sense if I just stuck with tuzhel
for something light in the house my mom
used to play that reggae and stuff some
were from Jamaica obviously I lived
there for a year and swore when I was
little so that may have helped me so you
know when you listen to music every day
so yeah I've got a lot of influences my
granddad as well you start own a record
label Jamaica as well so yeah the
music's in my vein what I voted to make
are they treat me like a king when I was
little they telling me all these stories
I did lie i didn't know that i remember
i see you shouldn't such a bad boy but
it all laughing I'm not horrible person
in it but I just told me I but I'm good
now music music lose it not any old
carnival when I was little is very
influential because those lap news 'ok
all different means you can hear all
type of music from walking from one set
to another while I was used to be on
rampage because they speak music voila
which is hip-hop and stuff but yeah it's
good light it's good for kids to see
the experience like that type of stuff
when I was young up-and-coming mci to do
gram-gram music and just like radios
this school a lil FM in my hood and
obviously him from intends used to go
there college guys I went there I've
been there a few times but yeah that
beneficial to gets everyone an area
listening to you get wave and that then
I did show who's got West or not and
which is like more older boys at the
time not just beat them have 12 years
nor cried about actually and then after
that they didn't do again I don't know
lar I'm not gonna lie I wouldn't even
know went to the third one because it
would lack it's just lat keep on winning
in them but you know the thing what I do
sometimes I write stuff that people
don't get straight lady listen to her
even my friend see more free see more by
the way he's enjoy he's got one mixtape
for now one of our old mixtapes he's
saying that every day listens to it he
find something new while said because he
didn't cook wash it straight away so
yeah I've got good wordplay I can good
with words and metaphor yeah coming out
I've got what the skydiving singled
extra me out in january and the video
should be out in a few weeks don't know
when it's going to be on TV do what I
should be sort out a dub they'll be out
soon and a couple other projects and
stuff that other singles i'm going to do
y'all should wear tuzhel get ground and
sand and out coming you're gonna see me
again you're going to hear from you so
keep your ears in your eyes called
coming 2010 my year like